manifest: Point to nrfxlib with ecdh legacy off (#8197)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

Crypto
======

.. rst-class:: v2-0-1 v2-0-0

> NCSDK-15697: ECDH keygen for Curve25519 is failing with the legacy MbedTLS APIs for CryptoCell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-15697: ECDH keygen for Curve25519 is failing with the legacy Mbed TLS APIs for CryptoCell
```

Author: Should be done now.

>   This only affects the functions mbedtls_ecdh_make_params_edwards and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This only affects the functions ``mbedtls_ecdh_make_params_edwards`` and ``mbedtls_ecdh_read_params_edwards``.
```

(and remove the next line)

Author: Should be done now.
